Optimize the size of the coroutines library in Android projects (#1282)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: README.md

#### R8 and ProGuard

R8 and ProGuard rules are bundled into the [`kotlinx-coroutines-android`](ui/kotlinx-coroutines-android) module.
For best results it is recommended to use a recent version of R8.
R8 is a replacement for ProGuard in Android ecosystem, it is enabled by default since Android gradle plugin 3.4.0

> (3.3.0-beta also had it enabled). The upcoming AGP 4.0.0 has never R8 and additional rules enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(3.3.0-beta also had it enabled). The upcoming AGP 4.0.0 has newer R8 and additional rules enable
```
?

Reviewer 2: BTW @wojtek-kalicinski have fixed the version checks in AGP 3.6 too, so this works starting AGP 3.6.0

Reviewer 3: Also: enable -> enabled (end of the sentence)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(3.3.0-beta also had it enabled). The upcoming AGP 4.0.0 has newer R8 and additional rules enabled
```

Author: 👍

For R8 no actions required, it will take obfuscation rules from the jar.

> For Proguard  you need to add options from 

Reviewer 4: Actually, it's the Android Gradle Plugin that takes care of extracting rules from META-INF, so if you're compiling for Android using our Gradle build, the rules should work automatically with either ProGuard or R8
(since you're changing this file anyway...)

Reviewer 3: I read that those rules worked only for R8. Does it depend on a minimum AGP version instead?

Author: I reworded this part of readme.
